Just before we finished
this basic intro to Flexbox part,
I wanna quickly show you what happens
when we have a whole lot of flex items in a flex container.
So right now, we have these five elements,
but what happens if we just add another five of these?
Okay.
So let's get rid of these class names here, of course.
And then six, seven, eight,
nine...
And ten.
Okay, so you see that all of these flex items,
they are now getting cramped here into this line.
And if we decrease this even more,
then there's even less and less space available,
and at some point they even start overflowing
the flex container like this like we saw before, actually.
But as you know, there's another property
that we can use on the flex container, right?
And it is called flex-wrap.
So flex-wrap,
and its initial value is no-wrap
and that's because it's not wrapping into a new line,
but if we say wrap like this,
then it will create a new line for these flex items
that no longer fit the container,
and so that's actually happening already.
So you see that this item here with the three,
so this i3 here which has this flex set to one
has now an entire new row for itself.
And if we actually decrease this even more,
then you'll see that more and more elements
come down here to the second row.
So basically, the second line that is created here
has the flex items start to wrap, okay.
And once more, this can be pretty useful
for responsive design when we get less and less space
to work with in our layouts, right?
Now let's again get rid
of these huge margins that we have here.
So I'm gonna put five pixels here just so that
we have a little bit of margin,
and so that's what it looks like.
Now, let me actually increase the container here, okay.
So you see it right now,
the container ends here, of course.
And that makes sense,
but for what I wanna show you next,
we need a higher container.
So let's increase it.
While not that much probably...
So let's actually...
Like, I dunno, maybe 1000 pixels
and so let's see what it looks like, like this.
So with all the space,
this creates a bunch of different lines here.
Actually, I'm not sure about this one here.
Let's reload it.
Or first, save this actually and then reload it.
Alright it still does that.
Okay, that looks a bit weird here.
It looks like it should be in here.
Let's check that one out.
And you know, of course, it is just
because it sat here to flex-end here, okay.
So that's the only reason why it's down here.
It's actually on the same row as this one.
Let's just change this one here,
or simply get rid of it.
So that's the same effect.
So, what happens here is that we have two rows.
Basically, so first this one
and then this one.
Now why is all of this space here between these rows?
So this and this one.
Well, that's because of the align-content property
that I didn't show you yet.
And so, I'm gonna show it to you right now.
And that's one of these, that's once again,
set here on the flex container.
So align-content and let's set it to flex-start.
Okay and so now all of these rows move up.
Okay and that is because
what the align-content property does is that
it aligns the rows along the cross axis.
So it's pretty similar to align-items
with the difference that align-items
aligns the flex items as the name actually says,
and align-content aligns entire, let's say rows,
along the cross-axis, right?
And so now, as we set flex-start here,
both these rows are now here at the beginning,
and then all of the space down here is empty, right?
Now we can also set it to flex-end
just to demonstrate you that,
and so both rows basically moved down here.
Okay.
Let me decrease this a bit here so that
the last row doesn't have only this one element.
Okay.
And so let's, actually try another one here.
So, center, which is also pretty useful.
And so now, as you can guess, the space here, up here
is the same as the one down here
because these two rows are now centered
inside the flex container along the cross axis.
So basically, vertically, right?
Now this is a bit difficult to visualize here
because we don't have a lot of space here, okay.
We just increase this a little bit more.
Okay.
Now there's also space around
just as we have in justify-content.
So it's the same logic.
And this is what it looks like.
So basically, it distributes the space between the rows so
that the space on the bottom
and on top of each of the rows is the same.
Okay, so just like with justify-content.
Then we also have space between
which will push one of the lines
to the top of the element
and the other one to the bottom, okay.
And then finally, stretch which is actually the default.
So the initial value.
Now the stretch here doesn't really
stretch all of these elements
like it does in align-items, okay.
It just stretches the rows
which is not really visible.
So this is pretty similar to like space-between, okay.
So, align-content is the last property
that I wanted to show you.
And again, it controls how the rows are aligned
along the cross axis similar to align-items
and that is actually it.
So that's all I had to show you
here in this very basic introduction about Flexbox.
So now you know the very, very fundamentals of Flexbox
so that you are ready to move on to the project
that we are about to start in the next lecture.
So, are you excited about that?
Then don't wait and join me right in the next lecture.
See ya there.